---
layout: post-sidebar
title: "Get Noticed! / ed.2017"
date: 2017-03-01 08:50:28
categories: dsp2017
author_name : Kamila
author_url : /author/kamila
author_avatar: kamila
show_avatar : true
read_time : 15
feature_image: feature-fire
show_related_posts: true
square_related: recommend-fire
---
## ..Ds - what?
You might be wondering what the heck is this Dsp2017 in the categories' section and what actually am I doing here, starting yet another programming blog with little experience in front-end development. Well, what got me going with all this stuff is a competition opened by [Maciej Aniserowicz](http://devstyle.pl/o-mnie/), founder of [Devstyle](http://devstyle.pl) blog, one of the best of the kind in Poland. "Dsp" is a Polish acronym for "Get Noticed" and this is exactly the name of the competition. It is targeted at literally all programmers, no matter how experienced they are. Anyone can join, work on their own project, blog about it, share their knowledge and learn at the same time.

Believe me, I'm scared to death. I have defined my project (more about it in the following posts), gathered necessary materials but, as a newbie in the industry, I know I will need to work really hard to make my readers benefit from the posts here. That said, I know there are thousands of people like me and I hope to encourage them to step out of the shade and believe that if I can become an IT blogger, they too have valuable knowledge to share.


## So why would anyone want to stay here?
Little experience does not mean having nothing to contribute. I've made sure my project would be ambitious enough to get some programmers interested. I will definitely stumble upon problems some programmers will encounter (or already did in the past) too and hope the solutions I come up with will prove helpful.

## Schedule
The posts will appear at least twice a week for minimum 10 weeks continuously. Each week I will issue a post with some information related strictly to the project, and another one associated with coding / IT environment.

## Technologies
You can expect me to write about JavaScript, as well as HTML/CSS/Sass issues. The blog is powered by Jekyll and hosted on GitHub pages so I plan to walk you through the process which turned out to be a bit tricky on Windows. ;)

## OK, are you finished?
Yes. Not going to bore you to death. ;) If you wish to keep track of this blog, just make use of the RSS button on the [home site](http://just-sudo-it.pl).


